[Music]
eleven airplane secrets white attendants
never tell it's hard to surprise an
experienced traveler but there are still
some things you've probably never
thought of did you know that anyone can
open a locked lavatory door from outside
while you're inside found uncomfortable
right we found several more secrets that
are only known to airport employees and
the most curious passengers 11 hooks on
the wings in most planes to use an
emergency exits lied
passengers have to step onto a smooth
and slippery wing to make this easier a
special hook design a safety rope is led
through it with one end attached to the
door and the other hooks to the wing at
the base of the slide holding onto the
rope
passengers can safely evacuate tents and
acts in the cockpit according to many
countries laws such as the USA and acts
as a piece of emergency equipment and
must be stored in the cockpit and acts
can help contain a fire open a stuff
door or even hack a new one there are
markings on the fuse lage that show the
best place to make an emergency exit
9 the black triangle you probably notice
those small black triangles on boards
and airplanes as an Airbus a320 captain
says they mark the places where the
wings can be best seen from a visual
examination may be required if pilots
have doubts regarding the position of
the flaps and indicators are out of
order fortunately this is a rare case 8
an auxiliary power unit on boarding the
plane
we always hear noise even though the
engines aren't working yet it is caused
by an APU it provides power for the
systems while the engines are out it
also starts the engine such a power unit
is also helpful in poorly equipped
terminals where proper maintenance is
unavailable 7 Air Marshal Service air
marshals fly incognito and can quiet
down a troublemaker or even disarm a
terrorist the USA France Canada and
other countries have their own Air
Marshal services and there's even a
movie about their works 6 crew rest
compartments some airplanes have small
hidden rooms for the cabin crew they can
relax during lengthy flight CCRCs aren't
especially comfortable you can only
crawl in there where you can lie down
for a while and rest
five handles like the emergency doors
these handles are made first and
foremost for the flight attendants to
hold in case of panic on board so they
aren't pushed off the plane by
passengers rushing to the exit or
air-conditioning system have you ever
wondered where the air we breathe on
board comes from it's being bled from a
compressor stage of each engine turbine
this is perhaps what serves to fuel a
superstition that airplane air is dirty
however no need to worry the air is
filtered and cooled first and the
filters in fact retain up to 95% of
bacteria
3a Cooper vane
this device appeared on aircraft after
an unsolved crime perpetrated by some
Dan Cooper he hijacked a passenger
airplane
received a ransom and escaped with a
parachute since then all Boeing Airbus
planes have been equipped with a Cooper
vane a device that doesn't let the doors
open miss fight
[Music]
to a hole in the windows airplane
windows had three pieces of glass the
outer one keeps the pressure at bay the
other one deals with damage from inside
and the middle one in which the hole is
made regulates the airflow the aperture
helps balance the pressure difference
and prevents moisture from condensing
between the glass panels one unlock the
laboratory door if your child
accidentally lost themselves in the
airplane bathroom to unlock the door
from the outside
lift the lavatory sign and slide the
knob into the unlock position
[Music]
so did you enjoy watching the video let
us know in the comments don't forget to
hit the like button below the video and
click subscribe to stay on the bright
side of life